(upbeat light music)
Alright, in this video,
we have an assignment for you.
What we wanna do is refactor our Ingredient Service.
So, that stands between the IngredientRepository
and our IngredientController.
And what we wanna do is change it over
to use the Reactive Repository.
Right now, it's using the regular Mongo
so we wanna go Reactive on it.
I also wanna refactor it to Return Reactive Types.
So, we could stop there but we wanna get this
whole stack going reactive so let's get this thing
refactored to return reactive types.
That means you're gonna have to modify
the IngredientController where this is utilized
to put a block on the return types
so we get the data out of there.
And then, of course, we wanna update the unit tests.
I suggest you refactor the interfaces first and the types
and then update the unit tests.
Make sure that those still behave properly.
And then go ahead and refactor the service itself
and also the controller.
So, go ahead and do that and in the next video
we will go through everything, step by step.
I think it might be a little bit of a challenge for you
because this reactive stuff is fairly pretty fresh
but please give it a try.
Don't worry if it's too hard,
next video we are gonna go through it step by step
and start getting you more and more accustomed
to these reactive types.